feat: GitHub Marketplace to Slack (#64)
autokitteh/samples: github_marketplace_to_slack/README.md

---
title: GitHub Marketplace to Slack
description: Forward GitHub Marketplace webhook notifications to Slack
integrations: ["GitHub", "HTTP", "Slack"]
categories: ["GitHub", "Sales"]
---

# GitHub Marketplace to Slack

Forward [GitHub Marketplace webhook notifications](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/github-marketplace/listing-an-app-on-github-marketplace/configuring-a-webhook-to-notify-you-of-plan-changes) to Slack.

This allows you to handle [marketplace_purchase](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/github-marketplace/using-the-github-marketplace-api-in-your-app/webhook-events-for-the-github-marketplace-api) events in your GitHub app.

## Configuration and Deployment

### GitHub Webhook

Configure the GitHub app's webhook in the GitHub Marketplace:
`https://github.com/marketplace/YOUR-APP-NAME/hook`

- **Payload URL:** _(you will set this later, based on step 2 in the_
  _[Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section below)_
- **Content type:** `application/json`
- **Secret:** a random string of text with high entropy _(save it for later,_
  _in step 3 in the [Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section below)_

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Do not click the "Create/Update webhook" button, and do not close this
> > browser tab yet - you will need to get back here later, in step 5 in the
> > [Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Do not click the "Create/Update webhook" button and keep this
> browser tab open. You will need to return here later, in step 5 of the
> [Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section below.
```

---
title: GitHub Marketplace to Slack
description: Forward GitHub Marketplace webhook notifications to Slack
integrations: ["GitHub", "HTTP", "Slack"]
categories: ["GitHub", "Sales"]
---

# GitHub Marketplace to Slack

Forward [GitHub Marketplace webhook notifications](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/github-marketplace/listing-an-app-on-github-marketplace/configuring-a-webhook-to-notify-you-of-plan-changes) to Slack.

This allows you to handle [marketplace_purchase](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/github-marketplace/using-the-github-marketplace-api-in-your-app/webhook-events-for-the-github-marketplace-api) events in your GitHub app.

## Configuration and Deployment

### GitHub Webhook

Configure the GitHub app's webhook in the GitHub Marketplace:
`https://github.com/marketplace/YOUR-APP-NAME/hook`

- **Payload URL:** _(you will set this later, see steps 3 and 6 in the_
  _[Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section below)_
- **Content type:** `application/json`
- **Secret:** a random string of text with high entropy, save for later

> Don't click the "Create/Update webhook" button yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> Don't click the "Create/Update webhook" button yet.
```

### Cloud Usage

> 1. Import/upload the project

Reviewer: Does this need to happen in a separate window?

Author: discussed offline

2. Initialize your connections

> 3. Edit the trigger:

Reviewer: as discussed in integration sync. No need to actually edit.

Author: done

     [GitHub Webhook](#github-webhook) section above
   - `SLACK_CHANNEL_NAME_OR_ID`: send notifications to this Slack channel
     name/ID (default = `github-marketplace`)

5. Deploy the project
6. Finish the webhook configuration from the [GitHub Webhook](#github-webhook)
   section above:

   - Set the **payload URL** to the one you copied from the trigger in step 3
     above
   - Click the "Create/Update webhook" button

### Self-Hosted CLI Usage

1. Follow [these detailed instructions](https://docs.autokitteh.com/get_started/deployment)
   to deploy the project on a self-hosted server

2. Follow step 2 in the [Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section above

3. _CLI alternative for step 3 in the [Cloud Usage](#cloud-usage) section above:_
   look for the following line in the output of the `ak deploy` command, and
   copy the URL path for the last step:

```
[!!!!] trigger "webhook_notification" created, webhook path is "/webhooks/SLUG"
```

> [!TIP]
> If you don't see the output of `ak deploy` anymore, you can run this command
> instead, and use the `webhook_slug` from the output:
>
> ```shell
> ak trigger get webhook_notification --project github_marketplace_to_slack -J
> ```

> 

Reviewer: I’d avoid including this in our documentation. It feels similar to the boilerplate content we replaced with a link in the self-hosted section. Instead, I’d suggest creating a separate Docusaurus page and linking to it. This approach avoids the question of which READMEs should include CLI instructions. If we add them to all, it leads to clutter. If we include them per project, it reopens discussions about consistency.

I'm happy to add the page if you agree with the idea. @mario99logic just making you aware

Author: https://github.com/autokitteh/docs.autokitteh.com/pull/147
